me
well I can only take out a two carbon so
one of us got asked to be in it
hi everybody good and we are under way
round one scheduled for three
much-anticipated fight here
i'm feelin early nah i'm coming on
move
standing opposite koto tonight is a guy
that doesn't want to go the distance
which to come out and see what he can
get done because he just does not have
the gas tank to keep up with coach no he
doesn't promote Oh has the really fight
off the temptation to get all bank use
to end his two quick because he knows
that just like you know it and he has to
make sure that he still stays with his
game plan and another right hand comes
in Rock'em Sock'em robots right from the
start here teddy don't defense just chew
off a stinging uppercut by Manny
Pacquiao
oh he just misses with that headshot
takes one but kids one just work my boil
but no way mine every time one punji
sends me down and shit up and down so he
has some choices to make two of 123
gonna need ish tomorrow behave once I'm
up Manny Pacquiao's back up on his feet
and Craig any dish tomorrow the head
movement firing off the uppercuts grant
exchange miss that uppercut
final 10 seconds of round number one and
a good solid 12 combo by miguel cotto
know you better with down here the
belton and that round he was getting
battered there Koto's lucky the bell
rang when it did wow what a turnaround
you never know what's gonna happen in
this game you're never supposed to take
anything for granted like that what a
turn of events wanna turn around he
scores his own dock down after being
knocked down earlier and that's where
it's going to knock down hurt you
sometimes because now you think he's
just gonna walk in and get it again whoa
he walked in he did get it he got it
here's a moment here as you see the
step-back counter-puncher you realize
this is the sweet science not just some
raw savagery swinging out look at the
little subtleties here Joe but he
doesn't he pauses them into a position
to stop the punch and then when he stops
steps back makes a Miss Xue right back
and now the rest gets involved and warns
4head buddy oh and potted no he survived
earlier but now he goes down for a
second time 2 306 say that hey
no I don't know the ref stops the fight
Miguel Cotto's hand to be raised in
victory he scores the knockout here
tonight very welcome building my Bowie
talking to this work
I